# 26_11_2025

## New beginnings 
First of all, **hello dear PiKeeb'ers!** (gosh, I have not written these words in YEARS!)

Second of all, you might be wondering where I've been and why I stopped posting on here. Well, to be honest, since the abhorrent Russian invasion into Ukraine, I have not had a mental capacity to continue posting here, as if nothing has happened. At the beginning of it all I was devastated. Both, because of the countless innocent lives lost, and mostly, because I knew (or better to say, "had a feeling of") that it won't end well and fast. Then, after a while, came the economic sanctions that impacted all the usual logistics and payments. Then free-speech, right-to-protest and other liberal laws in Russia were dismantled. Many bad stuff happened. I'd spare you all the political, logistical, and personal details of the decision, but me and my then-girlfriend (now wife) have decided to move out of Russia.

And so we started to prepare. I was working tirelessly on other people's projects, meanwhile designing other keyboard projects of my own and open-sourcing them, while getting the documents ready for the move. Since my grandfather was Jewish, the country we chose to move into was Israel. It took us about three years to finalize the process of getting the Israeli citizenship. 

And finally in April this year, we've finally obtained Israeli citizenship and went straight into the Ulpan Etzion 5-month program that provides cheap housing, free government-subsidised ulpan (intense language courses) and additional help to kickstart life in the new country, to adapt to the new culture, etc. I want to thank everyone involved in this type of program for such a great opportunity and a tremendous amount of help and support that was given to us.

# So what now?
After the completion of the program in September, I've rested for a bit, taking my time to recuperate and to think, and now I'm finally ready to go back to designing PiKeeb and other keyboard projects.

There are some major changes coming to the format of posts, since I'm shifting my focus from the PiKeeb project itself and try to make it more of a personal brand, encompassing all of my current and future projects. However, that does not mean the PiKeeb as a project is forgotten/abandoned. On the contrary, there is quite a lot of changes and details that've been quietly polished and thought out over the years.

I'm also planning to stream on Twitch the whole design process. Personally, I'm little embarrassed to show up on Twitch, but I'm sure it'll give me the confidence and the motivation boost to continue designing and provide transparent design updates.

I've also started using Obsidian (not an ad, just a fan) with the git extension. As a result of that posts will be synced to my GitHub.

# TL;DR
1. I'm alive and well, just had a massive life change - married, moved counties, etc. 
2. The project is still going.
3. There are going to be changes: mainly, the shift from one single project to the personal brand building.
4. I'll do the design live streams on Twitch.

# P.S.
r/PiKeeb has just crossed 7 years mark. **INSANE**. Thank you all for following my humble little project for all these years.